Doc to explain how to solve pgp key downloard issue in air-gapped env (#3375)
elastic/elastic-agent: docs/pgp-workaround.md

# PGP fallback URL in air-gapped environment workaround

## Reminders

> When Elastic Agent tries to perform an upgrade, it verifies first the binary signature with key bundled in the Agent.
> This process has a backup mechanism that will use the key coming from https://artifacts.elastic.co/GPG-KEY-elastic-agent instead of the one he already has.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Elastic Agent tries to perform an upgrade, it first verifies the binary signature with the key bundled in the Agent.
This process has a backup mechanism that will use the key coming from https://artifacts.elastic.co/GPG-KEY-elastic-agent instead of the one you already have.
```

> In an air-gapped environment, the Agent won't be able to download the remote key and therefore cannot be upgraded.

Reviewer 2: You should mentions the versions this affects, which would be all versions from the one where we introduced this up until we fix it.
